Now, what do I need to add
apart from the categories?
The product, right?
So, the category has products.
Remember?
So, how you do that?
What do we need to add here?
>> Another ListView.
Another lease view, but where should I add
another ListView in the other lease view.
Can I have to leave your
one inside the other?
We can with one special warning
because they was intimidated.
Because they will be fighting for
the scroll when you have two ListView at
the same time, and
that will give you an error.
But we can talk to the nested ListView and
say, hey,
you're not going to be responsible for
the scroll.
So, like remove the scroll,
and it will work.
Okay, it makes sense?
We will see how to do that in a minute.
But before doing that,
we have a padding here for
each category and we will need a column or
something to actually
put first the name of the category and
then the ListView.
Makes sense?
We always need containers.
So, we go to the padding, right click, and
here we are going to say the refactor,
wrap in.
For some reason, it's not showing me,
Column I'm going to add it manually.
So in the column Column
has children not child.
So, I need to put this in an array, that's
why it's better to you use the tool,
and we have a padding and
also another ListView.
And this ListView will also
contain a builder because it's
a dynamic data, not a static data.
That's the idea, okay?
We use a builder every
time we have dynamic data.
The builder needs the count.
So let's start with the count.
Whereas you I get the count of product
categories.index.products.length.
Makes sense?
I'm looping through the structure here.
And the builder is always the same.
It receives a context, And the index of
the current product that I need to render.
And what do you think we
should have render here?
A text?
We have our own product either
remember that we did before.
That receives a product.
Do I have a product?
Yeah, it's categories[index].products sub,
we have a problem here,
this is the product index.
We just changed the name, okay?
Makes sense?
Of course, we can create
intermediate variables here as well.
And we also need to define
what you do on OnAdd.
For now, let's put an empty block.
Okay, we need a comma here and
parenthesis.
This is closing that one.
This is closing the builder.
Okay?
We need semicolon for product item.
You can see it's really
complicated sometimes to
find the right, Look at this.
So, we have things like the we
need to return a product item,
so this is going to finish that builder.
Like that.
Finally I got it.
So, now I'm seeing nothing on the screen,
which is kind of boom, okay?
Nothing is on the screen.
What's going on?
Well, typically when nothing is on
the screen and it doesn't well, we have
the navbar but nothing on the mirror,
I thought something before, when something
doesn't seem right, you should check into
the console in the browser for example.
Typically you will see some exceptions
where to find those exceptions here in
builder column as well.
You need to open the debug output window
that you can open that from there.
And you will find the possible
problems that you have errors, okay?
In this case,
I think the error has to do with the
ListView that I already mentioned before.
You cannot nest two ListView because
they are fighting for the scroll.
So to follow berm there are a couple
of properties two properties
that you need to put here
it's shrinkwrap you say true,
another property is physics and
you say clamping Scroll physics.
And automatically that solved the problem.
The problem is that you cannot
have two nested ListView,
because they're fighting for the scroll.
Unless one of the ListViews say I'm
resigning, okay, I'm not going to scroll,
so no worries.
So, if we look at that the final
result that we have here,
we see a snacks so
it seems like it's working.
Yeah, the image is the same image,
but why?
Because our product item is actually
our code in the image, remember?
Well, instead of using
the asset constructor,
there is another constructor
that says network.
As simple as that.
And I can take my product ImageUrl.
And now it's giving me some errors.
Let's see if I tried to see
here failed to load exception.
So, we may have a problem in the URL.
And also, I need to tell you something.
If you want these to work on Android,
we need to add permission.
By default, an Android application has
no permission to access the web, okay?
So, we need to ask permission.
In the documentation,
you have the information on how to
add permission in in the companion
website for an Android app.
Okay, so let's go to our data model.
And let's try to see if these
images are actually there.
So, for example, the black Americana.
It's a 404 so, seems like I had a typo.
Look at that, coffeemasters, okay?
So, we had a typo in the data model.
I'm saving and
magically my inner sheets are working.
Okay?
So, now we are rendering this section.
The only missing part here
is when I'm clicking Add.
When I'm clicking Add,
remember the product item was lifting
that Inchon event to its parent.
Who is the product item parent?
The product page.
This one.
And here we have the OnAdd.
What do we need to do with-
>> Data manager and-
>> dataManager.cart or
directly we have a cartAdd.
We pass the product.
We have the product where?
Well, we didn't create the variable
probably a good idea to
create the variable.
So, such as this, Var product is equals to
this, so we can reuse the same variable.
And if our logic was fine, it should work.
Any question at this point?
This was probably the most complicated
widget that we have created
the future builder and all that stuff.